input/pagecontent/index.md, before:

### Background

[CardinalKit](https://cardinalkit.org) is an open-source digital health mobile app framework created at Stanford University consisting of an iOS mobile application template, Google Cloud managed backend, and web-based data dashboard. CardinalKit makes it easy to build a mobile application that collects patient-generated health data, including from wearable devices (e.g. Apple Watch, Fitbit), and represent these data in standardized formats. This Implementation Guide describes how CardinalKit represents mobile health data as FHIR resources.

### Data Workflow

CardinalKit iOS applications collect data from devices compatible with Apple [HealthKit](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/healthkit) which is a centralized repository for health and fitness data on the iPhone and Apple Watch. CardinalKit serializes this data into JSON using [Granola](https://github.com/cardinalkit/granola) according to either specialized [Open mHealth](https://www.openmhealth.org/) schemas or generic HealthKit schemas as described in this [mapping table](https://github.com/CardinalKit/Granola/blob/main/Docs/hkobject_type_coverage.md). CardinalKit provides an [OMH-to-FHIR mapper](https://github.com/CardinalKit/CardinalKit-OMH-to-FHIR) which converts these data into FHIR resources, as described in this Implementation Guide. These FHIR resources can then be consumed by FHIR applications.

### Usage

The CardinalKit framework provides a [mapper module](https://github.com/CardinalKit/CardinalKit-OMH-to-FHIR) that can be deployed as a serverless cloud function to Google Cloud and automates OMH to FHIR mapping within the database of your CardinalKit project.

### Publisher

This Implementation Guide was written in [FSH](https://fshschool.org/), and built with [SUSHI](https://github.com/FHIR/sushi) and [IG Publisher](https://confluence.hl7.org/display/FHIR/IG+Publisher+Documentation) by [Vishnu Ravi](https://profiles.stanford.edu/vishnu-ravi). CardinalKit is a project at the [Stanford Byers Center for Biodesign](https://biodesign.stanford.edu) at [Stanford University](https://stanford.edu/).

### Licensing

While this implementation guide itself is in the public domain, it includes examples making use of terminologies such as SNOMED CT, LOINC, and others that may have more restrictive licensing requirements.

Commit message:

Clean up IG content (#2)
* Update title and metadata

* Update index and profiles

* Remove unused files

* Update template

* Update heart rate example

* Update mapping and terminology

* Update README and license headers

* Additional improvements

* Fix badge

* README update

* README update

* Add MIT license

* Add MIT license

input/pagecontent/index.md, after:

<!--
                  
#
# This source file is part of the Stanford Spezi open source project
#
# SPDX-FileCopyrightText: 2025 Stanford University and the project authors (see CONTRIBUTORS.md)
#
# SPDX-License-Identifier: MIT
# 
             
-->

### Background

[Stanford Spezi](https://spezi.stanford.edu) is an open-source, modular ecosystem for building standards-based digital health applications. This Implementation Guide describes how Spezi represents mobile health data as FHIR resources.

### Publisher

This Implementation Guide was written in [FSH](https://fshschool.org/), and built with [SUSHI](https://github.com/FHIR/sushi) and [IG Publisher](https://confluence.hl7.org/display/FHIR/IG+Publisher+Documentation). Spezi is a project of [Stanford Biodesign Digital Health](https://bdh.stanford.edu) at [Stanford University](https://stanford.edu/).

### Licensing

While this implementation guide itself is released under the MIT license, it includes examples making use of terminologies such as SNOMED CT, LOINC, and others that may have more restrictive licensing requirements.
